# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.0.2] - 8-21-2023
### General
- Updated for Record API v1.2.0
- Updated project format. Your project will automatically update to the new format.
- Added "Relic" Music Disc for 1.20 Trails & Tails.
- When you click on the title and description in pack preview it will select the input.
- Settings window will now always be on top.
- Double clicking on file entries will open file explorer.
- Added short descriptions to project and item fields
- Improved "About" window.
- Added API Version to Settings.
- Split settings window into diffrent tabs
- Textures and sounds are now stored as base64 in the project file.
    - Cached files will get converted.
- "New Project..." and "Open Project..." in the welcome screen should now change color depending on the theme.
- Added reset buttons to version fields in settings which will fetch the latest version.
- Renamed buttons in settings. Clicking "Save" will save the settings but will not close.
- Added Rich Discord Presence.
- "NBT" item field is hidden behind an "Advanced" button. This is where more advanced fields will be.
- Added NBT validation like Description.
- Added context menu (right click) to "NBT" and "description" fields.
- Renaming an item will update in the outliner.

### Project Schema Changes
- Added "format" field which contains the format version that this project was created for.
- Removed "hash" field in Asset
- Renamed Asset to File
- Added "source" in File which contains the data of the file encoded in base64.

### Fixes
- "NBT" field will now merge with the autogenerated NBT.

## [0.0.1] - 3-28-2023
- Initial release
